Is it worth flying first class? Well,
let's rewind. My alarm woke me up at
10:00. Exhausted, obviously. Anyways, I
took my supplements, my version of
breakfast. I said goodbye to my
entourage. They look genuinely
heartbroken or maybe just hungry. Either
way, it was emotional. Then I called my
chauffeur and told him to come inside to
pick up my bags because honestly, I
don't know how to move them. My arms are
strictly decorated. We drove to the
airport like he was escorting royalty,
which technically he was. At the
airport, check-in was handled for me
because again, I had no idea how to do
that. They basically just looked at me
and knew I was priority, as they should.
Then I was being escorted to the lounge,
or should I say a five-star restaurant
disguised as an airport. The menu was
endless. The staff attended and me
pretending to be humble while ordering
the biggest prawns they could find. When
they told me they didn't have matcha, I
asked them to fly to Japan and get some
for me. Unfortunately, that took way too
long, and I almost missed my flight.
Luckily, they were waiting for the queen
to board. Tweet 1K K for Kernigin.
Obviously, they knew I speak German when
I realized that I was on the upper.
Naturally, I made my royal descent down
the stairs just to wave to the people in
economy. A gentle reminder that dreams
in fact come true for some of us. Back
upstairs, the real world. The seat had
everything. Space, champagne, and yes, a
shower. I changed into pajamas. Buckled
me in with a golden seat belt. Safety,
but make it royal. Then came take off.
The engine started, and I was thinking,
"Wow, even gravity wants me." Once in
the sky, I opened my eyes, pretending to
be a productive member of society. 10
minutes in, I rewarded myself with some
champagne and cavier while getting some
advice from my favorite YouTuber. Me
admiring me being admired by me. After
that, it was time for some beauty sleep.
I prepared my bed, fluffed the pillow,
and gave me some sleep well tea. Then it
was time for my beauty night routine.
brushing my teeth, hair tied into a silk
scrunchie, removing all the creams and
serums from my morning routine, and then
applying the most expensive eye patches
I could find. Dior, of course, because
aging is a choice. I slept like a baby
born into old money. A few hours later,
I woke up, put on a hydrating face mask,
and entered my spiritual area. I tried
meditating for inner peace. I tried
because right as I connected with my
higher self, someone interrupted a
stewardist and admirer. Doesn't matter.
My peace was ruined. Anyways, I had
exactly 20 minutes to transform from a
morning creature to an absolute goddess.
40,000 ft above the peasants. I
showered, did my makeup, and finally
stepped out like a resurrected angel. I
went back to my throne just in time for
landing. And what should I say? It was
intense. I grabbed the armor thinking it
was a man with potential. Anyways, it
was a safe and dramatic arrival in
London. So, was it worth it? Yes. If you
book with Priority Concur, you pay half
the price and get the full treatment.